**Background**: In our every-day life we are able to focus on what matters to us in dynamic, and complex auditory environments. How do we maintain attention when faced with ongoing changes in the environment? **TODO**: speak to some prior work on this issue

**Methods**: To examine this question, we presented listeners with a dynamic three-speaker stimulus: three German sentences were presented at three spatial locations using a simulated HRTF; listeners reported no familiarity with German. We introduced a series of spatial switches---specific time periods where the speakers moved in space to new locations. Listeners were asked to detect targets---1-second 3-semitone changes in pitch---located within the region of their attention: this was either Global---entire scene---Object---one speaker---or Spatial---one side of the space. We also determined the salience of each target using a computational model tuned using the judgements of salience in real-world scenes (prior study). Targets were located away from the switches in spatial location.

***Results**: We found that spatial switches were less disruptive to target detection later in the trial and were less disruptive to the detection of higher salience targets. The impact of switches did not appear to be mitigated by a more refined locus of attention: though Object and Spatial conditions showed greater performance overall, all three conditions were impacted similarly by the switches. High target salience was only beneficial for a broad locus of attention (Global condition), having minimal impact for Spatial and Object conditions.

**Conclusion**: Overall the results are consistent with the hypothesis that selective attention is partly comprised of a rapid learning process that adjusts the components of perception to the task and the dynamics of the current environment.